README.rst, before:

edx-celeryutils
=============================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/edx-celeryutils/
    :alt: PyPI

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/edx/edx-celeryutils.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/edx/edx-celeryutils
    :alt: Travis

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/edx/edx-celeryutils/coverage.svg?branch=master
    :target: http://codecov.io/github/edx/edx-celeryutils?branch=master
    :alt: Codecov

.. image:: http://edx-celeryutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :target: http://edx-celeryutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    :alt: Documentation

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/edx-celeryutils/
    :alt: Supported Python versions

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/edx/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://github.com/edx/edx-celeryutils/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
    :alt: License

The ``README.rst`` file should start with a brief description of the repository,
which sets it in the context of other repositories under the ``edx``
organization. It should make clear where this fits in to the overall edX
codebase.

Code to support working with celery

Overview (please modify)
------------------------

The ``README.rst`` file should then provide an overview of the code in this
repository, including the main components and useful entry points for starting
to understand the code in more detail.

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation is at https://edx-celeryutils.readthedocs.org.

Publishing a Release
--------------------

After a PR merges, a new version of the package will automatically be released by Travis when the commit is tagged. Use::

    git tag -a X.Y.Z -m "Releasing version X.Y.Z"
    git push origin X.Y.Z

Do **not** create a Github Release, or ensure its message points to the CHANGELOG.rst.

License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under the AGPL 3.0 unless
otherwise noted.

Please see ``LICENSE.txt`` for details.

How To Contribute
-----------------

Contributions are very welcome.

Please read `How To Contribute <https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_ for details.

Even though they were written with ``edx-platform`` in mind, the guidelines
should be followed for Open edX code in general.

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@edx.org.

Getting Help
------------

Have a question about this repository, or about Open edX in general?  Please
refer to this `list of resources`_ if you need any assistance.

.. _list of resources: https://open.edx.org/getting-help

Commit message:

30/60 day ownership tasks (#32)
- Fill out README description (TODO ARCHBOM-1248: publish docs)
- Add PII annotation and mark OEP-30 compliant
- Update openedx.yaml with correct owner (obsoleted soon, but while I'm in here...)

README.rst, after:

edx-celeryutils
=============================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/edx-celeryutils/
    :alt: PyPI

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/edx/edx-celeryutils.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/edx/edx-celeryutils
    :alt: Travis

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/edx/edx-celeryutils/coverage.svg?branch=master
    :target: http://codecov.io/github/edx/edx-celeryutils?branch=master
    :alt: Codecov

.. image:: http://edx-celeryutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :target: http://edx-celeryutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    :alt: Documentation

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/edx-celeryutils/
    :alt: Supported Python versions

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/edx/edx-celeryutils.svg
    :target: https://github.com/edx/edx-celeryutils/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
    :alt: License

Code to support working with Celery, a distributed task queue.

Overview (please modify)
------------------------

This package contains utilities to wrap tasks with logging and to
persist them if they fail.

It also supports Django administration for searching and deleting
failed tasks, and management commands for rerunning failed tasks and
deleting old ones.

Documentation
-------------

(TODO: `Set up documentation <https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/21627535/Publish+Documentation+on+Read+the+Docs>`_)

Publishing a Release
--------------------

After a PR merges, a new version of the package will automatically be released by Travis when the commit is tagged. Use::

    git tag -a X.Y.Z -m "Releasing version X.Y.Z"
    git push origin X.Y.Z

Do **not** create a Github Release, or ensure its message points to the CHANGELOG.rst.

License
-------

The code in this repository is licensed under the AGPL 3.0 unless
otherwise noted.

Please see ``LICENSE.txt`` for details.

How To Contribute
-----------------

Contributions are very welcome.

Please read `How To Contribute <https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_ for details.

Even though they were written with ``edx-platform`` in mind, the guidelines
should be followed for Open edX code in general.

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

Please do not report security issues in public. Please email security@edx.org.

Getting Help
------------

Have a question about this repository, or about Open edX in general?  Please
refer to this `list of resources`_ if you need any assistance.

.. _list of resources: https://open.edx.org/getting-help
